label start:

    # Narration at the very beginning
    "You’ve always heard that life can change in an instant. You just never thought it would happen to you. Not like this."
    "You were eight when everything changed. Living at a boarding school for advanced kids like you, life was supposed to be about learning, growing... being a kid. But then, one day, it wasn’t."
    "It happened during a normal school day. The headmaster called you into their office. They sat you down, and with a heavy sigh, told you about the accident."
    "Your parents were driving home, but... their car slipped off the road. They didn’t make it."
    "You didn’t have a home to go back to anymore. And as winter break approached, while other kids packed up for the holidays, you were left with nowhere to go."

    # MC's thoughts after the headmaster's office
    "The world feels like it’s spinning, and everything around you seems so... distant."
    "How can this be real? My parents are gone. I’m... alone."
    "I don't know what to do. Everyone else is excited about going home, but I don’t have anywhere to go."

    # Linden approaches the MC
    scene school_hallway
    with dissolve

    "Linden, one of the other kids at the school, approaches you. He's usually full of energy and smiles, but today, his face looks serious."

    linden "Hey, I... I heard what happened. I’m really sorry."

    menu:
        "How do you respond to Linden?"
        "I don't want to talk right now.":
            "You look away and mutter, 'I just want to be alone.'"
            "Linden looks hurt but nods. 'Okay, if you need anything... I'm here.' He walks away, giving you space."

        "I’m so sad. I don’t know what to do.":
            "Tears start to well up in your eyes as you say, 'I don’t know what to do without them.'"
            "Linden steps closer and puts a comforting hand on your shoulder. 'It’s okay to be sad. I’m here for you, alright?' His voice is soft and reassuring."

        "Why did this have to happen?":
            "You ask, 'Why did this have to happen? Why did they have to go?'"
            "Linden seems unsure of what to say but tries to comfort you. 'I don’t know, but I promise you’re not alone. We’ll get through this.' His words are sincere but tinged with his own uncertainty."

    return
